
Tell me about a time when you were faced with a problem that had a number of possible solutions.


What was the problem and how did you determine the course of action?


What was the outcome of that choice?


When did you take a risk, make a mistake, or fail?


How did you respond, and how did you grow from that experience?


Describe a time you took the lead on a project.


What did you do when you needed to motivate a group of individuals or promote collaboration on a particular project?


How have you leveraged data to develop a strategy?





Practice using the STAR method to answer the behavioral-based interview questions listed above, incorporating examples from the Amazon Leadership Principles.
Ensure each answer has a beginning, middle, and end. Describe the situation or problem, the actions you took, and the outcome.
Prepare short descriptions of a handful of different situations and be ready to answer follow-up questions with greater detail. Select examples that highlight your unique skills.
Have specific examples that showcase your experience, and demonstrate that you’ve taken risks, succeeded, failed and grown in the process.
Specifics are key; avoid generalizations. Give a detailed account of one situation for each question you answer, and use data or metrics to support your example.
Be forthcoming and straightforward. Don't embellish or omit parts of the story.



[[[The STAR method]]]]]]]] is a structured manner of responding to a behavioral-based interview question by discussing the specific situation, task, action, and result of what you're describing. Here’s what it looks like:


SITUATION

Describe the situation that you were in, or the task that you needed to accomplish. Give enough detail for the interviewer to understand the complexities of the situation. This example can be from a previous job, school project, volunteer activity, or any relevant event.


TASK

What goal were you working toward?


ACTION

Describe the actions you took to address the situation with an appropriate amount of detail, and keep the focus on you. What specific steps did you take? What was your particular contribution? Be careful that you don’t describe what the team or group did when talking about a project. Let us know what you actually did. Use the word “I,” not “we,” when describing actions.


RESULT

Describe the outcome of your actions and don’t be shy about taking credit for your behavior. What happened? How did the event end? What did you accomplish? What did you learn? Provide examples using metrics or data if applicable.


Consider your own successes and failures in relation to the Leadership Principles. Have specific examples that showcase your expertise, and demonstrate how you’ve taken risks, succeeded, failed and grown in the process. Keep in mind, some of Amazon’s most successful programs have risen from the ashes of failed projects. Failure is a necessary part of innovation. It’s not optional. We understand that and believe in failing early and iterating until we get it right.